I am a student. I am a prospective teacher of biology. One of my hobbies is the English language. It is the most popular language on earth. Many people learn in order to build a successful career or find friends abroad. As for me, I find this language one of the most beautiful in the world. That's why I decided to learn it. I like to listen to English songs. I am glad that I can understand what some song is about without anybody's help.
I started to learn English at school and now I continue to learn it at the university. I often stay at the university after classes, because I am a member оf a research group. I like research work, that's why I often search for new information Most of the articles of foreign colleagues are in English. New ideas in science happen so quickly, that it is impossible to translate everything into different languages at once. But I think it is very important to learn about new ideas as quickly as possible.
My dream is to visit one of the English-speaking countries. I would like to communicate with its people and learn something new about its culture. But now I have some friends abroad. I can send letters to them via the Internet. Most of them are also students. We often discuss our plans for the future. I think young people are very much alike all over the world. And it is very interesting to learn a foreign language and be able to understand it.
There are four seasons in the year: winter, spring, summer and autumn. Every season has its fine days and is pleasant in its own way. As for me, I try to enjoy each season of the year. I like warm and beautiful days of early autumn. People often call this period "Indian Summer". In winter the trees are covered with white snow and look beautiful. Besides, winter is a time of joy. Winter holidays are always connected with presents, good mood, parties and a lot of fun. When spring comes, the air is full of freshness and aroma of flowers. Summer brings warmth and new joys.
My favourite season is summer. As I am a student, I may enjoy my summer holidays. They are always full of fun. The weather is usually fine, it is warm and the days are the longest in the year. I may spend a lot of time with my friends. When it gets very hot, we usually go to the river, sunbathe swim and play different games. Sometimes, the weather gets cold. Dark clouds bring thunder and lighting and it starts raining. But I like summer thunderstorms, they make the air fresh and we can see a rainbow across the sky. Besides, in summer the first fruits and vegetables appear. My favourite fruit is a melon. But I also like peaches, plums and cherries. Summer is a really good time for me. 
I am a student, that's why I should read a lot of books. I like reading. Literature means a lot in my life. It helps me to understand other people better. I often analyze the characters of the books and it helps me to understand the world and myself. I read books by different authors: Russian, Ukrainian, German, and English. My favourite Russian writer is Darya Dontsova. She is a popular Russian writer of modern prose. The works of this author are smart and really interesting. According to her own words, her novels are based on real facts. That arouses the reader's interest and provokes their own analysis of the events. When I got acquainted with her books, I was really impressed by her wit and humor.
The main characters often find themselves in a difficult situation, but they do not give up and try to find the way out. Some of the characters of her books are mean and jealous. Some of them are deeply feeling, faithful and tender.
When I read books by my favourite author, Darya Dontsova, I have a feeling that I may meet her characters even in my native town. I always try to watch an interview on TV with Darya Dontsova. She has a happy family that supports her in her work and in difficult situations. She has a strong character, and she is optimistic. Her brain works as a good computer and she knows how to derive benefit from it. I always recommend my friends to read her books.
I am student Classes at the university begin at 8-30, so I have to get up at 7 o'clock on week days. When I wake up, I usually lie in bed for 5 minutes and then stand up. I try to make my bed every day, but sometimes I forget to do it. Then I open the window, breathe in the fresh air deeply and do my morning exercises. I am usually in a hurry, so I do not have much time for that. Then I go to the bathroom, wash myself and clean my teeth After that I dress and brush my hair. Later, I go to the kitchen, greet my family and have breakfast.
After breakfast I take my bag and go to the university. Usually it takes me 30 minutes to get there. I try to come several minutes before the bell, because I do not want to be late for classes. I greet my groupmates and we go to the classroom. I study with pleasure, so 3-4 classes a day is not much for me. I often have to stay after classes at the university and go to the university library or a laboratory. Then I go home and have my dinner. After that I may have a short rest. Then I have to do my homework. It takes me 3-4 hours. In the evening I watch TV with my family or talk with my friends on the phone.
My name is Anya. I study at the university. As I am a student, I do not have much time for my meals. Usually I have two or three meals a day. I often go to bed late at night and then I do not have enough time for breakfast in the morning. Some of my friends do not eat in the morning at all. I prefer not to eat a lot in the morning. I drink tea or coffee and eat sandwiches with butter and cheese, or sometimes jam.
At about 12 o'clock I have a snack. I drink orange juice with pies or eat an apple, My dinner is at three o'clock. There is a canteen at the university and a lot of students and teachers have their dinner there. Here everyone may find something to their taste: soup or borsch for the first course, meat or fish with vegetables for the second course. I usually choose fish soup, fried fish with mashed potatoes, and biscuits with tea. It is usually loud in the canteen at dinner time. Students discuss their student life here and make plans for the evening.
I do not usually have supper. But before going to bed I often drink a glass of warm milk with biscuits or a cup of tea with honey. It helps me sleep well and feel healthy next morning.